we begin in Gaza a heavy rainfall has
triggered flooding adding to the
challenges faced by tens of thousands of
Palestinians displaced by the war with
Israel dozens of families waded through
flood waters as they fled a un run
School in the jabalia refugee camp after
it was hit by Israeli shelling strong
winds have damaged tents leaving the
people living in them exposed to the
Wind and Rain hind reports from a
makeshift camp in central Gaza
we're currently
in Hospital's backyard where this area
is now a refugee camp for hundreds of
thousands of displaced Palestinians from
different areas across of the Gaza Strip
as you see these are the tents of these
displaced Palestinians only plastic they
told us that they have been adding
layers and layers of plastic to to
protect them from the leakage of the
rain but unfortunately it did not work
and they told us that it has been
leaking since the morning since it
started draining in the morning as you
see Palestinian children are
Barefoot they don't have winter clothes
where people are telling us that they
evacuated from the northern area of the
Gaza Strip without their their clothes
without nothing they told us a woman
told us that they she evacuated with her
praying costume and this is the only
thing she has been wearing for at least
days it's flooding water is everywhere
and mud is everywhere we saw a family
that had sweet potato earlier today
where they told us that this is the only
thing and this is the only meal they
will have they had today and this is the
only thing that they will feed their
children today this is the situation
right now where Palestinians are not
only trying to protect themselves from
the air strikes but they're also
striving to find food and trying their
best to warm up themselves and their
children this is hind for Al
jaaz Palestine